Progress:
    We were able to meet our requirements for the most part, with us completing the installation, obstacle detection, and danger 
bar.  However, we were unable to complete the Alert System requirement where we were to create a noise or notification based on 
the obstacle detection.
    This requirement would need more testing on the actual device (the client’s computer, or mobile device) as the libraries 
used may change depending on the device.  	Once this is achieved however, this should not be too difficult to complete as 
all that would need to be added would be an additional line or two of code for the danger level check within main.py.
    For the completed requirements, as seen in images/image_1.png, we have successfully been able to create a working obstacle detection 
algorithm that will be able to output a danger signal on a 3-level scale when processing an image.

Calculations:
    This is the main focus we had on R2. Through trigonometry, we were able to conclude a few
formulas to aid us in determining the danger level more accurately which can be seen through
images/image_2.jpg.

UI:
The UI is identical to R1 with no changes, featuring only a single screen.
[Reference images/UI_1a.png & images/UI_2a.png]
ID: 1
Name: Indoor Nav
Description: Features a danger bar along the top, and a real-time depth feed from the OAK-D camera.
All black pixels on the feed indicate an unknown depth by the camera, and so are ignored when
processing the image. For each frame, the average depth value (excluding unknown depth values) is
calculated for the whole image, and compared to a pre-calibrated constant value. The amount that
these values differ by is used to determine how much danger the wheelchair user is in, adjusting the
danger bar accordingly. When it exceeds half, the wheelchair would be forcibly stopped to avoid
collision. Note that this is all computer interactions. There is no user interaction due to the
system mainly notifying the user.

This feature has been tested on instances where the calculated distance is lower than the expected
distance (as with walls and other obstacles) as well as on cases where the calculated distance is
higher, as would be the case if the camera were facing a downward staircase.  This allows the
wheelchair user to be stopped from both colliding with obstacles and falling off ledges.

You can see this functionality at work in [images/UI_1b.png], where a rabbit has placed herself in
front of the camera, with the outline of her head and upper body being visible in the top right of
the frame. Accordingly, the danger bar has increased in value from the baseline in [images
UI_1a.png], warranting an emergency stop.

The wheelchair controls are simulated in this case. This is due to lacking access to an intelligent
wheelchair to interface with the software. Instead, the camera is placed on an office chair and
rolled around by the user, who stops when the danger bar exceeds the halfway mark.